integrate right orthogonal file by renumbering (#89)
rzk-lang/sHoTT: src/simplicial-hott/05-segal-types.rzk.md

- `hott/total-space.md` — We rely on
  `#!rzk is-equiv-projection-contractible-fibers` and
  `#!rzk total-space-projection` in the proof of Theorem 5.5.

> - `2-simplicial-type-theory.md` — We rely on definitions of simplicies and their

Reviewer: Seems to me the full file name should be used here

```suggestion
- `02-simplicial-type-theory.rzk.md` — We rely on definitions of simplicies and their
```

  subshapes.

> - `3-extension-types.md` — We use the fubini theorem and extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `03-extension-types.rzk.md` — We use the fubini theorem and extension
```
